Legal Notice
Information according to § 5 TMG:
Inviado Ltd & CO. KG
Babendiekstrasse 60b
22587 Hamburg, Germany

Represented by:
Inviado Limited, represented by Managing Director Jan Prill

Contact:
Phone: +49 160 4773375
Fax: +49 40 380178-73022
E-mail: jan.prill@gmail.com

Register entry:
Entry in the commercial register.
Register court: Amtsgericht Hamburg
Register number: HRA 116020

Professional title and professional regulations
Job Title: Lawyer
Competent Chamber: Hanseatische Rechtsanwaltskammer Hamburg
Awarded by: Federal Republic of Germany
The following professional regulations apply: BRAO - Bundesrechtsanwaltsordnung BORA - Berufsordnung für Rechtsanwälte RVG - Rechtsanwaltsvergütungsgesetz Berufsregeln der Rechtsanwälte der Europäischen Union
Regulations available at: https://www.brak.de/fuer-anwaelte/berufsrecht/

Responsible for the content according to § 55 Abs. 2 RStV:
Jan Prill
Babendiekstrasse 60b
22587 Hamburg, Germany

settlement of disputes
We participate in a dispute settlement procedure before a consumer arbitration body. The competent consumer arbitration body is:

In the event of disputes between lawyers and their clients, it is possible, upon request, to settle disputes out of court at the regional Hamburg Bar Association or at the conciliation office of the bar at the Federal Bar Association. You can contact them via the homepage of the Federal Chamber of Lawyers (http://www.brak.de), e-mail: schlichtungsstelle@brak.de.

Online Dispute Resolution (Art. 14 (1) ODR Regulation): The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution at https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/

http://www.brak.de

Liability for contents
As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with § 7 Section 1 of the German Telemedia Act (TMG). According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, however, we are not obliged as service providers to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity.

Obligations to remove or block the use of information in accordance with general laws remain unaffected by this. However, liability in this respect is only possible from the time of knowledge of a concrete violation of the law. As soon as we become aware of such violations of the law, we will remove these contents immediately.

Liability for links
Our website contains links to external websites of third parties over whose contents we have no influence. Therefore, we cannot assume any liability for these external contents. The respective provider or operator of the pages is always responsible for the contents of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal infringements at the time of linking. Illegal contents were not recognizable at the time of linking.

However, permanent monitoring of the content of the linked pages is unreasonable without concrete evidence of a violation of the law. If we become aware of any infringements, we will remove such links immediately.

copyright
The contents and works created by the site operators on these pages are subject to German copyright law. Duplication, editing, distribution and any kind of use outside the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this site are only permitted for private, non-commercial use.

As far as the contents on this site were not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are respected. In particular, the contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please inform us accordingly. As soon as we become aware of any such infringements, we will remove such content immediately.
